Description of platform dependend xknx pip path (#601)
XKNX/xknx: docs/home_assistant.md

Running HA with local XKNX library
------------------------------------

> Even when running HA with the XKNX custom component, HA will automatically install a `xknx` library version within `[hass-directory]/lib/python[python-version]/site-packages` via pip. This very often causes the problem, that the manually checked out `xknx` library is not in sync with the `xknx` library version HA already contains and uses by default. But getting both in sync is easy:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running HA with the KNX integrated component once, HA will automatically install a `xknx` library version within `[hass-dependency-directory]/lib/python[python-version]/site-packages` via pip. This very often causes the problem, that the manually checked out `xknx` library is not in sync with the `xknx` library version HA already contains and uses by default. But getting both in sync is easy:
```

Delete the automatically installed version:

```bash

> rm [hass-directory]/lib/python[python-version]/site-packages/xknx*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
rm [hass-dependency-directory]/lib/python[python-version]/site-packages/xknx*
```

```

> Note: `[hass-directory]` is platform dependend (e.g. `/usr/local/` for MacOS or `/srv/homeassistant` for LINUX).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: `[hass-directory]` is platform dependend (e.g. `/usr/local` for Docker image, `~/.homeassistant/deps` for macOS or `/srv/homeassistant` for Debian).
```
